In this lecture we will learn about how we can use a CSSA validator to find errors in our CSSA code.
We learned about using W3 CS h t m l validator in the H team l debugging section the World Wide Web
Consortium also has a CSSA validator that can be used to validate CSSA only files HVM meld with CSSA
embedded in it.
And each team with CSSA embedded in it using a CSSA validator is very similar to using HVM all validator
to access the World Wide Web Consortium CSSA validator.
We will open up our browser and go to HEG P.S. colon slash slash jigsaw dot W3 dot org slash CSSA hyphen
validator forward slash the CSSA validator gives us the same options that the H.T. mail validator did
the option enter or you or I upload a file or directly input the CSSA into the validator.
If we clicked the by file upload tab and choose our pizza CSSA file from the hands on CSSA section.
We can check it to make sure that there are no syntax errors in the code.
We can also validate our C access code by direct input as you can see when we click on the third tab.
There is a text area where we can directly input CSSA code into to check it.
We can copy and paste code that we have written and run it through the validator just like the HGL validator
the CSSA validator is definitely a tool.
You should bookmark and use frequently when developing web pages and the next lecture we will recap
what we learned in this section of the course.